one Sunday Tom told his brother Dan that
he was going hiking with his friend
Chris the next Saturday
the police found Tom dead in the forest
hmm Dan said he had been working all
week as for Chris he was found wandering
along the highway he explained that he
had gotten lost in the forest almost
immediately after they arrived and just
found his way home one of the guys was
lying who was it you have ten seconds to
figure it out look at Chris he's too
well shaven for a man who spent a week
in the woods there are five girls in the
room Ashley is drawing Olivia is reading
Maria is playing hide and seek and Emma
is tiding up with Sarah doing you have
ten seconds to find the answer Sarah is
playing hide and seek with Maria of
course two boys are standing at the
seashore one is looking south and the
other is looking north and still they
can see each other how so
[Music]
well they're facing each other of course
you knew that one didn't you
which number is missing two three four
two three what a small hint it's not
four
you have ten seconds to do the math
[Music]
number five is missing the subsequent
number of two three four is two three
five a woman invited her friend over for
dinner for dessert she cut an apple in
half and offered her friend one half
along with some whipped cream on the
side
she then ate her piece of the same Apple
the friend died from poisoning but the
host survived despite eating from the
same Apple how is that possible the
poison was in the whipped cream you see
a bathtub filled with water you have a
spoon a cup in a bucket which will you
choose to empty the bathtub you have ten
seconds to choose
[Music]
obviously choose to pull out the plug 5
plus 5 Plus 5 plus 5 equals 555 you have
10 seconds to add one number and make
the equation correct PS you can't cross
the equal sign five four five plus five
plus five equals 555 two people are
standing near the river both of them
want to get to the opposite bank but the
boat can only hold one of them and still
they both managed to get across the
river how they were on the opposite
riverbanks
[Music]
a rich man mr. Thomas green had been
kidnapped
and the detective assigned to his case
found a note at the crime scene it read
1st of January fourth of October 5th of
March 3rd of June the detective guessed
that the kidnappers name was hidden in
the note the suspects were Jack green
the rich man's son and heir June green
the man's wife and John Jacobsen mr.
greens employee the detective deduced
the name of the kidnapper in no time
can you do the same in 10 seconds 1st of
January
means the first letter of the word
January J fourth of October indicates
the fourth letter of the word October Oh
the fifth of March stands for the fifth
letter of the word March H 3rd of June
is the third letter of the word June and
so John Jacobson was the one that
kidnapped mr. green someone entered a
dark room
they brushed against something some
glass broke and someone died what
happened you have 10 seconds to solve
this mystery an aquarium with a goldfish
got smashed if it's raining at midnight
can you expect that in 72 hours it will
be sunny you have 10 seconds to forecast
the weather nope in 72 hours it's going
to be night again a person is sitting
but even if they stand up you won't be
able to occupy their place where is this
person sitting 10 seconds to find the
answer
[Music]
the person is sitting on your lap hey
don't blame me
what's a security guard doing when a
bird is sitting on his head
[Music]
he's sleeping they give me a job to do
every morning but when I do it they
still tell me off Who am I I'm an alarm
clock and yes it's a thankless job how
can you put a whole cucumber into a
glass bottle without cutting the
cucumber or damaging the bottle you have
10 seconds to find the answer
[Music]
place a baby cucumber still on its stem
into the bottle then let it grow inside
once a young girl dropped her ring into
a cup full of coffee but the ring
remained dry you have 10 seconds to
understand how there were coffee beans
in the cup oh come on now what do you
call the fear of Santa Claus
[Music]
claustrophobia I like that one the king
told his three to place three identical
kettles with the same amount of water on
the fire the King promised that the
husband of the daughter whose kettle
would boil first would be air
surprisingly his youngest daughters
kettle boiled first use your 10 seconds
to understand why her boil first the
other daughters kept lifting their
kettles lids to check if the water was
already boiling oops a man was found
dead in a field of snow the only
evidence that was left was a set of
footprints between two parallel lines
who should the police be looking for you
have 10 seconds to find out the truth
a person in a wheelchair a shoe shiner
offers his services to passers-by
completely for free but those who agree
to his offer end up paying him of their
own free will
how so the man shines one shoe for free
people don't want to look silly in just
one clean shoe and have to pay for the
shining of the other one
Ethan spent three days in the hospital
and was absolutely healthy when he left
still he had to be carried out of the
hospital by 10 seconds to crack this
mystery
[Music]
Ethan was a newborn baby a man called
his wife from the office and told her he
would be home at 8 o'clock for any plans
for that evening and still when he
arrived at 2 minutes past 8:00 his wife
was furious what made her so angry the
woman thought that her husband would
come home by 8 p.m. but he arrived at
8:02 a.m. the next morning in what case
will three boys one adult man four girls
and a cat remain dry under just one
umbrella they'll be dry if it doesn't
rain
[Music]
a wealthy man lived alone in a small
cottage he was disabled so he had
everything delivered to him the mailman
brought a letter on Thursday and noticed
that the front door was ajar through the
opening he could see the man's body
lying in a pool of dried blood on the
porch there were two bottles of milk
monday's newspaper a catalogue some
flyers and unopened mail when Sherlock
Holmes got to the cottage he told the
police the killer was the mailman how
did he know you have ten seconds to
figure it out Tuesday and Wednesdays
newspapers were missing from the porch
the mailman knew the man didn't need
them since he was dead
a man who was standing on the sidewalk
dropped a tomato from the height of six
feet but it wasn't damaged at all how so
ten seconds to unravel this mystery
[Music]
the man managed to catch the tomato
before it hit the ground why would he do
that
it doesn't say here I met a stranger
yesterday and immediately knew who he
was I hadn't seen this person before and
no one had ever described him to me he
wasn't a celebrity and he wasn't doing
anything unusual you have ten seconds to
figure out how I knew who it was
[Music]
the man was the twin brother of my
acquaintance why hasn't anyone conquered
the biggest extinct volcano even though
it's not underwater and can be clearly
seen 10 seconds for you to crack this
riddle this volcano is on Mars a father
tells his teenage daughter you arrived
very late at 3 a.m. and made us all
worry a lot
I don't want this situation to repeat
his daughter though replies that it will
never repeat how could she be so sure
10 seconds to figure it out the father
was talking about the birth of his
daughter
two friends left for a climbing trip but
only one returned he said that his
friend had slipped while climbing and
died however the police arrested him
saying we received a call from your
travel agent
we know you murdered your friend how did
they know it was a murder try to find
the answer in ten seconds
[Music]
the man had bought a return ticket for
himself and a one-way ticket for his
friend you're sitting on an airplane
there is a horse in front of you and a
car behind you what's happening here on
a merry-go-round
[Music]
an art expert paid big money at an
auction for a painting that he knew
didn't cost anything he was an honest
man and didn't have any criminal
intentions why did he buy this picture
hopefully ten seconds will be enough for
you to guess his motives
[Music]
although the painting costs nothing its
frame was a beautiful and expensive
piece of art one chemist found out that
a particular reaction lasts for 80
minutes if he's in a suit jacket but one
hour and 20 minutes if he's in his lab
coat you have 10 seconds to explain this
phenomenon 80 minutes is the same as one
hour in 20 minutes
[Music]
why can't a police officer opened the
door in his pajamas there are no doors
in pajamas arrest that man
Evan called the police saying he found
his friend Liam murdered by the seashore
he said he let Liam live in his beach
house in California for a week to enjoy
some summer heat but when Evan arrived
from a month of work in Argentina to
join his friend he found him dead when
the police arrived they instantly
realized the man was lying you have ten
seconds to guess why if it was summer in
California it was winter in Argentina
but Evan was sunburnt it means he was in
California not in Argentina once a man
parked his car in front of his house
came in exited the house with a bucket
of water and poured the water on the
sidewalk ten seconds for you to guess
why he did it
[Music]
he was planning to wash his car but
while he was away his car got stolen
a small store in New York is called
Seven Bells but there are eight bells
hanging outside the owner can easily
correct this mistake but he doesn't can
you figure out his reasons in 10 seconds
[Music]
at first it was just a mistake but later
the owner noticed that people often came
to his store to inform him about this
error and it increased his sales a man
and his sister we're doing some shopping
suddenly the man pointed at a young man
and said that guy is my nephew but his
sister answered right but he's not my
nephew how is it possible you have 10
seconds to crack this mystery
[Music]
the young man was the woman's son and
accordingly
her brother's nephew a man wakes up from
a two-day coma after a car accident with
a case of amnesia suddenly two women
arrive at the hospital one of them says
she's his wife and the other says they
have kids who's lying you have to find
the answer in just 10 seconds the woman
who says they're married is lying she
isn't wearing a wedding ring where can
you see rivers but no water cities but
no buildings forests but no trees you
have 10 seconds to crack this mystery
[Music]
you can see them on a map one town had a
weird law that said all men had to be
clean-shaven but no man was allowed to
shave himself the only person who is
licensed to shave them was a 40 year old
hairdresser but who shaved the
hairdresser there was no need the
hairdresser was a woman how can you
throw a tennis ball in such a way that
it'll get back to you just throw it up
the son of the professor's father talked
to the father of the professor's son and
the professor doesn't take part in this
conversation kin-yuen Ravel this family
riddle in 10 seconds the professor is a
woman and the people talking are her
brother and her husband
during a fire a bank was robbed the
security guard told the police that he
wanted to save a bag of money but he had
to crouch to tie his boot just in front
of the emergency accident at that moment
the door opened and hit him on the head
when he came to the money was missing
why was the security guard arrested
all emergency doors open outwards we get
it three times in a lifetime the first
two times are free but we have to pay a
lot for the third time what is it it's
our tea after the bank had been robbed
the police found the money in the park
among cacti after the police officers
arrested all the suspects they almost
immediately figured out who was the bank
robber can you do the same in ten
seconds the criminal had scratches left
by cacti all over his body
[Music]
hey there instead of a riddle marathon
we're going to have a riddle race it'll
boost not only your logical skills but
also your reaction because you'll have
just five seconds to guess the correct
answer after you get through this race
you'll see your results so make sure to
remember how many riddles you got right
one there are 100 books on a shelf to
count off ten of them you'll need 10
seconds how much time you'll spend on
counting off 70 books 30 seconds you'll
need this time to count off 30 books and
the rest will make 72 you've drawn a
long line how can you make it longer
without touching it draw another shorter
line nearby in this case the first one
will be longer than the second three I
exist until you get to know me as soon
as you learn me might disappear white mi
a secret
for it exists for millions of years but
it's never older than one month what is
it it's the moon in the sky five where
does tomorrow take place earlier than
yesterday in the dictionary 6 I have 6
faces and 21 eyes and still I can't see
what am i I'm a dice 7 an empty bus
arrived at a bus stop and 15 people
entered at the next stop 10 passengers
left the bus and 5 fewer than at the
first stop entered at the third stop 15
people left the bus how many people are
still inside only one person
the driver ate a mother promised her son
to pay him $60 per hour if he washed his
hands for six seconds before eating a
meal but when the son did that and his
mother gave him his well-earned money
the boy got upset why because he
received just ten cents nine I connect
to people even though I touch only one
of them what am I
a wedding ring 10 I'm lower with a head
on than without it what am i I'm a
pillow 11 it's always served but never
eaten what is it it's a tennis ball 12
this question has just one answer but
everyone answers it differently what
question is it what's your name 13 you
always answer me
even though I never asked you any
questions what am i a telephone 14 we're
twins when I leave I give birth to my
sibling and when they leave they give
birth to me what are we a day and a
night 15 what color is the wind
blue huh got you with this one didn't I
16 how can you turn six into an odd
number remove the S and it leaves IX
that's number nine in Roman numerals and
this number is odd 17 I can be large and
I can be small I can have any shape but
if you have me you know even if you like
me very much
what am i a gift 18 i have many faces
emotions and expressions and i'm usually
only a tap away wait am i an emoji 19
what will you have if you get three
blackberries and four apples too many
gadgets for one person 20
what type of goose is brave enough to
fight with snakes
a mongoose 21 what word is always
pronounced wrong no matter whether it's
a baby or a professor saying it that's
the word wrong 22 what water can you eat
and chew watermelon 23 have an eye but
no matter whether it's big or small I
still can't see what am i a needle 24
what table doesn't have legs the
periodic table 25 I can cycle many hours
and never get tired even at the end of
the day why is that because I'm a clock
26 what can you find somewhere there and
everywhere the word here
27 what kind of B won't sting you if you
try to catch it a frisbee 28 I have keys
but no locks I have space but no room
you can enter but you won't go inside
wait am i a keyboard 29 there is a word
that has six letters but if you take one
letter away there will be 12 what word
is it dozens
thirty poor people have it but rich
people need it if you eat it you won't
survive what is it nothing 31 I only
live if there is light but once the
lights shining on me I disappear what am
i a shadow 32 it's not alive but it
grows it doesn't have lungs but it needs
air what is it it's a fire 33 why are
all the rivers in the world rich they
all have two banks Oh
34 what kind of tree can you easily
carry inside your hand a palm 35 why is
the moon like a dollar because both the
moon and a dollar have four quarters 36
I'm black widow buy me read when you use
me and gray when it's time to throw me
away what am I
charcoal 37 imagine you're running a
marathon and right before the finish
line you pass by the person who's
running the second what place are you in
now still the second you've been faster
than the person in second place but not
the first 38 what is a mysterious object
that you can hold in your left hand but
never in your right hand your right hand
39 what is a seven-letter word that
contains hundreds of letters a mailbox
40 Hannah's birthday is on January 15th
but she always celebrates it in the
summer how come
Hannah lives in the southern hemisphere
41 what's the difference between
yesterday and tomorrow today 42 what can
be lost but never returned life 43 it
has billions of eyes but lives in the
dark it has millions of years but only
four lobes it has no muscles but rules
two hemispheres what is it it's the
brain this human organ has countless
auditory and optic nerves four lobes and
two hemispheres 44 a man was driving a
black truck with the headlights off the
moon wasn't out an elderly lady all
dressed in black was slowly crossing the
road still the driver managed to stop in
time to let her finish crossing the road
how did he see her it happened on a
bright sunny day 45 I can sting without
moving
I can poison without touching I bear the
truth and the lies you can't judge me by
my size what am i a word
46 you can still see it even though it
weighs nothing if you put it in a bucket
the bucket will get lighter what is it a
hole 47 you measure its life in hours
and minutes and it serves you by
expiring it's quick when it's thin and
slow when it's fat its biggest enemy is
the wind the longer it lives the smaller
it becomes what is it a candle 48 what
kind of dog never bites a hot dog
although you can bite it 49 you get lost
in the woods in the middle of the winter
suddenly you see a cabin it's dark and
cold inside there is just one candle on
the table and a wood-burning stove in
the corner you pull out your matchbox
and see only one match left
what should you light first
the match of course but be very careful
and don't waste your chance 50 I'm a
father and a mother even though I've
never given birth I'm almost never still
but I never walk
what am i a tree are you still with me
then Congrats you've done it now time to
check your results if you crack 10 to 15
short riddles well it's likely not your
day today try having a good night's rest
and practice a bit more tomorrow if you
have sixteen to thirty correct answers
maybe it's time to start working on your
reaction
five seconds was probably not enough for
you to find the correct answer to these
short questions I'm sure that if you had
more time to think you'd have done
better if the number of riddles you've
solved correctly is 31 to 41 you've done
a good job these riddles might look
childish and simple but it takes most
adults several hours to crack them and
if you have a score of 40 to 250 cracked
riddles you must be a genius
with at least a couple of diplomas very
few people can answer all of these
simple at first sight but actually very
tricky questions
[Music]
six riddles that only 2% extraordinary
thinkers can solve when we find
ourselves in unexpected situations it's
hard to know what to do right off the
bat do you think you can get yourself
out of any challenge possible no matter
how strange it might be this guy
certainly knows what it takes his name
is Charles and he's quite an
extraordinary individual he's overcome
tons of obstacles and pulled through a
lot of difficult situations throughout
his life do you have the same sharp wits
as our friend Charles here let's see
riddle number one Charles was an
exceptionally bright kid but for some
reason his teachers always assigned him
the most impossible tasks in school
perhaps they wanted to nurture his
intellect or maybe he just wasn't their
favorite student anyway here's one of
the brain Buster's that they gave him
can you correct this flawed equation
without changing the numbers or their
position in the equation you have 15
seconds to do it
[Music]
have you already figured out the answer
it's way easier than you think
just flip the chalkboard upside down and
voila all the numbers add up way to
think outside the box write her outside
the board I don't know riddle number two
as a teen Charles always loved hiking in
the woods by himself one day on one of
these hikes he accidentally fell down a
100 foot deep well to get out of this
watery trap he climbed ten feet every
single day but while he was sleeping at
night he slid back down six feet
Charles eventually made it out of that
well the question is how many days did
it take him to pull off such a feat
times ticking
[Music]
you
it took Charles 24 days to get out of
the well don't worry he had a backpack
with some food and drinks so hunger
wasn't an issue
he gained 10 feet a day but by the
morning of the next day he had lost six
on the morning of the 24th day he was 96
feet up with just four more feet to
climb on day 24 he easily made it out
before the Sun went down ow my brain
riddle number three when Charles was 20
his friends decided to prank him
they kidnapped him stripped his clothes
off and left him in a room with no
windows a solid concrete floor and a
locked door sheesh is this a prank or a
crime anyway on one of the walls Charles
found a note that said in order to
escape he needed to get the ping-pong
ball okay cryptic the problem was that
the ping-pong ball was lying at the
bottom of a 3-foot pipe sticking out of
the floor in the middle of the room his
arms couldn't reach the bottom of the
pipe and there were no objects around
that he could use either yet our brainy
friend still managed to complete the
task how did he do it you have some time
to think things through
[Music]
[Applause]
well that was a tough one wasn't it with
limited options
Charles cleverly decided to pee into the
pipe that way the ball would float up
enough for him to reach it and grab it I
just hope he washed his hands after that
riddle number four with intelligence
like his Charles became a successful and
wealthy man but there was still
something missing in his life and that
something ended up being true love but
he met his soulmate a woman named Irene
and the lovebirds soon got married
unfortunately it turns out that Irene
was a conniving gold digger
she decided to try and poison her
husband in order to get all his riches
Charles knew about her scheme so he only
ate the same food that she did one day
she offered him an apple but he said
he'd only eat it if she cut it down the
middle and split it with him so she did
but Charles shortly afterwards dropped
to the ground while Irene stood there
perfectly healthy
fortunately Charles survived and Irene
was arrested and sent to prison this
murderous attempt so that begs the
question how could she poison her
husband when she ate the same exact
Apple and didn't take any sort of
antidote beforehand your 15 seconds
starts now
[Music]
like we said Charles knew his wife was
risen him
so he'd been taking a universal antidote
every morning
this poison though turned out to be
extremely strong and that's why he just
ended up in a deep sleep and when it
comes to Irene she simply poisoned one
side of the knife so while she was
cutting the Apple the poison from the
knife ended up on Charles's half and not
hers now that's a femme fatale riddle
number five Charles made his fortune as
a famous chemist and pharmacist he even
created a cure for one of the most fatal
diseases out there his co-workers Alex
Nikola Michael and James all envied his
talent and success and each one was
ready to kill him in order to steal the
formula for this revolutionary cure poor
guy
everyone wants to waste him one evening
as Charles was finishing up some work in
the lab one of his colleagues walked in
and stabbed him in the stomach
Charles recognized the person and knew
he had to leave a hint for the police in
case he didn't survive so he quickly
grabbed a piece of paper and wrote down
the numbers 28 27 57 shortly afterwards
he passed out from blood loss and
probably would have died if one of the
security guards had not found him and
called an ambulance
Charles managed to survive but his fate
would have it he had hit his head pretty
hard on the floor when he fell
unconscious the bloke put Charles in a
coma so the police only had his note to
help them find out who had tried to kill
him obviously the suspects were the four
co-workers since they were all in the
lab that day and each one had a motive
so which one was it
Alex Nicola Michael or James let's put
15 seconds on the clock
[Music]
the thing you have to remember is that
Charles was an esteemed chemist the
numbers that he wrote down to help
police come from the periodic table of
elements number 28 is nickel which gives
you an I number 27 is cobalt abbreviated
as CEO and finally the 57th element is
lanthanum which is la put them together
and you get the name of Charles's
attacker Nikola riddle number six
Charles wasn't just a genius he was like
something straight out of an action
movie because he managed to cheat death
yet again and woke up from his coma
after the trial
eventually he grew old retired and
decided to spend the rest of his life in
a cozy little cottage outside the city
Charles never left his house he got his
letters from the mailman his groceries
were delivered to him by another guy and
a different man brought him his daily
newspaper one Friday the mailman came to
give Charles his letters and found him
dead in his kitchen he immediately
called 9-1-1 the investigators could
tell from the get-go that this was a
murder
so they carefully examined the crime
scene they found a couple bottles of
milk a loaf of bread some pills keys and
tuesday's newspaper on the table the
only people that had contact with
Charles were the mailman the food
delivery guy and the newspaper delivery
so they soon became the primary suspects
do you know who killed poor Charles get
to thinking detective
[Music]
it was the newspaper delivery guy that
took Charles's life maybe you caught the
fact that only Tuesday's newspaper was
lying on the table the newspaper guy
didn't bother bringing Wednesdays or
Thursdays paper because he knew Charles
was dead and that's because he killed
him poor Charles poor poor Charles the
guy lived a heck of a life wouldn't you
say how many of these challenges did you
manage to crack tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to share this
video with your friends and family to
find out how many of these riddles
they'll be able to solve stay on the
bright side of life and we'll see you
soon
you know choices are almost always hard
to make especially when you have to
choose something yeah but what about
choices which your life depends on today
I've prepared a thorny challenge for you
you'll be transported to a hallway that
consists of several sections each
section will teleport you to a different
place and put a different puzzle before
you what they all have in common is a
single rule you'll need to decide on one
way to proceed further you can make no
more than three mistakes on them how
long can you last in my lethal maze open
the first door if you dare and let's
find out okay welcome my brave
adventurer you find yourself in a dark
room with a single torch hanging on the
opposite wall to either side of the
torch there is a door behind the door on
the left there's a hungry wolf that will
attack and try to eat you when you enter
behind the one on the right there's a
swamp that will suck you in if you step
foot in the wrong place which one would
you enter choose wisely and remember
everything has a meaning in this place
the safe way to go is the left door but
only if you take the torch with you
wolves are afraid of fire and you'll be
able to scare off the Beast before it
attacks you now even if you didn't
answer correctly
don't worry yet you have two more tries
and the next place you're transported to
is a forest glade the sun is shining in
the sky and on the edge of the Glade you
see two huts in the left one lives a
witch who will lure you inside and
poison you if you so much as knock on
her door in the right one there's a
vampire that will launch himself at you
as soon as you step on the front porch
of his heart which height is safe then
in order to survive without trouble you
should go to the right Hut
it's sunny remember vampires can't take
the Sun so if you step on the porch of
his house and he throws himself at you
he'll just burn to ashes when you cross
the doorstep of the hut you've chosen
the maze takes you to the next puzzle
and that's the South Pole you're
freezing and to make matters worse a
powerful snow storm is approaching you
have to find a shelter luckily there are
two caves right in front of you in the
left one there's a hungry polar bear and
the right one is filled with radioactive
waste which one would you choose to hide
in
[Music]
your best decision would be to step into
the cave on the left why well not
because your chances to survive the bear
are higher it's just that their polar
bears in the south pole now bear with me
okay you've still got places to go and
things to do in this labyrinth your next
location is a barren wasteland there's
literally nothing you
but scorched earth it must be hot at
daytime lucky you it's night at the
moment I know I said there was nothing
around but that's not entirely true
there's a decrepit shed nearby inside
the shed there are two trap doors in the
ceiling if you open the left one a huge
scorpion will jump right at you and if
you choose the right one you'll see a
giant magnifying glass that will scorch
you in no time
which trap door is safe to open
if you've chosen the one with a
magnifying glass congratulations you've
come yet another step closer to freedom
the glass needs the Sun to shine through
it to burn things down since it's dark
outside right now you can enter without
fear so are you still here have you
managed to go this far without wasting
all of your attempts good for you now
the next place you're teleported to is
an underwater cave you have barely
enough air in your lungs to keep you
from drowning so you have to find
someplace to breathe and fast to your
relief there are of course two air
pockets nearby inside one of them
however there's a swarm of blood-sucking
bats well in the second one there's a
dangerous looking shark lurking and
waiting to feed on you which way is
safer
surprisingly the air pocket with the
shark is the safe one if I remember
correctly sharks can't breathe outside
water so there's no way it can be inside
the pocket well take a good and hearty
breather and prepare for the next puzzle
it takes place in a medieval castle
you're in a richly decorated chamber
with tapestries on every wall full
Knights armor standing in every corner
and a huge four-poster bed in the middle
there are two doors leading out of the
room behind one there are a couple of
lions trained to attack intruders on
smell behind the other there's a
champion that will attack anyone who
doesn't have this castles attributes on
them just in case you're wondering you
don't so how can you escape the room
you're stuck in
you can go safely enough through the
door with the champion behind it
you only need to wear one of those
armors standing in the corners of the
room and he'll let you pass you're close
to the exit from the maze now don't give
up
press on you'll find yourself in a room
full of various small animals they don't
mean you any harm
among others you spot a mouse a frog a
cat a mongoose a fox and a rabbit as
usual there are two doors out of the
room behind one there's a venomous snake
that hisses at you and threatens to bite
as soon as you cross the door step
behind the other there's a poisonous
cloud that will choke you if you breathe
it in which doorway can you use to go
further
[Music]
well take the Mongoose with you and open
the door to the snake as you might know
mongooses are natural enemies of snakes
so just wait until it gets rid of the
serpent and go
you're now almost free if you manage to
go this far it'll be a shame not to make
it to the exit don't you think don't
take any chances
use your logic and find the way out of
the next and last room of the maze it's
not gonna be easy and I'm not going to
give you any hints but you've been doing
great so far and I'm pretty sure you'll
take this last step with triumph so
you're standing in a room with nothing
else but a table in front of you there
are items on it a vial of perfume a
razor and a length of rope on the
opposite side of the table there are
three doors behind the first one is a
bald person that looks just like you and
they'll strangle you when they see you
behind the second are blind and hungry
hounds that will eat you alive and
behind the third one is an enraged
Buffalo that stands with its back to you
until you cross the doorstep and when
you do it will rush and trample you hmm
which door will you choose and why think
it over carefully after all your life
and freedom is at stake
well if you think about it unlike the
rest of the rooms all three doors in
this one lead to freedom you just need
to find a way that best suits you if you
chose the door with a person you should
remember that they look exactly like you
except one detail they're completely
bald
so take the razor from the table and
shave off your hair when you open the
door the person will think they're
looking at themselves and let you go by
the way if you already have no hair on
your head you can just skip the razor
part all together convenient huh if you
prefer the door with the blind hounds
take the vial of perfume even dogs that
are able to see mostly find their
bearings by scent for blind ones it's
the only way you can either throw the
vial in the far corner of the room so
that it shatters and confuses the hounds
or spray the perfume all around the room
to the same end the dogs will have no
chance to find you and finally if you
chose the Buffalo take the rope and make
a noose on its end open the door and
while the Beast is still standing with
its back to you throw the noose over its
horns if you're successful you'll have a
tame Buffalo and a freeway to the exit
boy do you love riddles as much as I do
although I must confess that despite my
attachment to them I wasn't so great at
solving them but I didn't give up and
kept practicing and do you want to find
out how good you are at this then here
you go and you'll find out your results
at the end of the video number one a
forgotten pin no not the pointy kind the
number kind Emma's mother asked the girl
to go to the supermarket and gave her a
shopping list and a bank card but in
case Emma forgot the pin of the credit
card her mom also gave her a little clue
when Emma was already at the register
she understood that she had indeed
forgotten the pin can you say number it
was if the clue was a sheet of paper
with a fly a cat a girl and a snake
drawn on it
you have just
seconds to figure out the answer
the pin was six four two zero Emma just
had to count the numbers of legs of each
creature number two a bad liar Ms Nelson
an art teacher at school had to organize
an event and a big concert was a part of
it but the event had to take place the
next day and she still needed to find
one more performer
there were several talented students at
her school and she decided to invite
them but Daniel who played the guitar
very well told his teacher that he had
lent his instrument to a friend and
wouldn't get it back anytime soon
Sofia who was an amazing singer answered
the teacher that she had a sore throat
and couldn't sing at all and Luna who
was a professional dancer claimed that
just a few days before she had sprained
her ankle and the doctor had prohibited
her to move this leg too much Ms Nelson
was very upset but could do nothing to
chew a shoe but when she saw these three
students at the concert the next day she
found out that one of them had lied to
her who was it and how did she
understand it
Luna had lied to her teacher if she had
sprained her ankle she wouldn't have
been able to wear high heels number
three the robbery of the year James came
to visit his friend Ethan the guys were
chilling on the sofa watching TV eating
pizza and having some drinks suddenly
James on call James had to leave for a
while and soon a richer Ethan felt
unwell and fainted when James returned
he saw that Ethan was lying on the floor
and the apartment was in a mess Ethan
luckily came to his senses before the
police arrived he told the officer that
the robbers had stolen Ollie and
electronics he kept in his safe
the only question the detective asked if
Ethan touched anything on the table
after James had left when he heard the
negative answer he immediately arrested
James can you figure out why
[Music]
there are ice cubes in the glasses on
the table if they had been the same
drink the friends had been drinking
before James left the ice would have
melted long ago it means that James put
something in Ethan's glass to knock him
out took all the money in electronics
and replaced the drinks with fresh ones
before the police arrived
number four a great summer vacation
three college friends met after a summer
break
Lily described how she and her boyfriend
had gone to Paris and seen the city from
the top of the Eiffel Tower Dylan told
his friends that he had traveled to
Africa with his parents but on their
last day there was a massive volcanic
eruption and it didn't spoil the rest
only because they flew home that day and
Ali said that she had visited her uncle
in Texas and learned to ride a horse
very well she even participated in some
competitions of course all the stories
were great but one of them was fake
which one was it
Dillons story is fake he couldn't fly
home on the day of the eruption because
when something like this happens all
flights get canceled number five a
matchstick equation this matchstick
equation seems correct nine minus three
equals six but can you move just one
matchstick to get another correct
equation you have ten seconds to do it
[Music]
there is not one but two correct answers
here three plus three equals six and
eight minus three equals five six theif
the Sprinter detective Jackson Jones was
walking along the street when he heard
people shouting and saw an elderly lady
sitting on the ground and people
crowding around it turned out that some
man grabbed the lady's bag pushed her to
the ground and sprinted away the
detective ran in the direction witnesses
showed him turned the corner and saw
three doors he knocked on the first one
and the apartment owner Daniel opened
the door the man told Jones he had just
returned from a five mile long run a man
called Jacob opened the second door he
said that he had been playing basketball
in the backyard and behind a third door
there was Mike a musician he explained
that he had just finished composing a
new piece of music after visiting all
these apartments detective Jones
immediately realized who was the thief
can you do the same within ten seconds
[Music]
the thief is Jacob he claimed that he
was playing basketball but he was
holding a football number seven a
mysterious number Luke had an older
brother who was always teasing him by
calling him a baby when Luke finally
went to school he hoped that his brother
wouldn't call him little anymore but
when the boy returned home after the
very first school day his brother
started again primary school is for
babies everything you learn is so easy
then Luke decided to teach his brother a
lesson okay but you solve a riddle our
teacher gave us today Luke's brother
agreed without hesitation if you take
away half of this number you'll get
nothing
what is this number even after thinking
for a while Luke's brother didn't manage
to solve the riddle and can you do it in
10 seconds this number is 8 take away
its top part and you'll get 0 8 the
missing number look at this table with
numbers and within 10 seconds try to
guess which numbers should go to the
empty space but I must give you a hint
it's not 6 this riddle test your memory
skills and to be honest it's a bit on
the prank side but if you answer that in
the empty space there should be the
letter R you're absolutely right because
it's not some mathematic equation it's a
car's manual gearshift and R for reverse
9 stolen cows Littlefield was a tiny
village where people didn't even get
fines for illegal parking but one day
something terrible happened in this
quiet place mr. Richardson a rich farmer
arrived at the police station in tears
saying that two of his best cows were
missing there were three suspects and
each of them had
answer JIT a liar satisfying the second
piece of information you have and here's
a bonus for you to thoroughly wrack your
brain you're in a dark room with no
windows and two doors leading out behind
one of them is a hungry lion that will
attack you as soon as it sees you behind
the other is an alien waiting to conduct
experiments on you which door would you
choose in order to survive and safely go
home I guess you'll need another 10
seconds for that if you chose the door
with an alien behind it you'll survive
first because no one said that
experiments are going to conduct are
dangerous and second because aliens
don't exist alright alright at least
there's no proof of that yet anyway do
you like robots well I'm giving you the
unique chance to visit their world with
a secret mission are you up for it
if you said yes I've got robot riddles
for you and you have 10 seconds to solve
each of them if you need more time feel
free to pause the video let's see if you
can solve them all and win number 1
welcome to the world of robots there's
just one law here to cross the border
you have to figure out what that law is
there are books but no words mirrors but
no reflections there are doors but
there's neither an entrance nor an exit
there are riddles waiting for you but no
answers so can you guess what the robot
law is
[Music]
time's up
do you have an answer for me everything
in robot world must have double letters
in its name now that you know the law
you're off to the next riddle - there
are plenty of robots in robot world so
they have to share rooms with each other
at night they group in the center of the
room and go into sleep mode it helps
them recharge there are two robots
in front of another pair of robots there
are two robots behind another and
finally two robots are beside two other
robots can you tell how many robots
share a room as crowded as it might
sound there are actually just four of
them they sleep in square formations
three the robots are back to active mode
again now there are 20 of them in a room
remember I mentioned you're visiting
them with a secret mission it's to take
pictures of the secret gadgets they plan
to use against humans your camera is
super small and only one robot can
detect it every robot in the room can
see the entire room and every other
robot without turning their head or body
they only move their eyes where should
you place the camera so that the one
robot that can recognize the camera
won't see it I give you 10 seconds to
find that perfect hiding place
[Music]
I'm sure you managed to figure it out
you just had to place it on the back of
the smart robots head for robots don't
like to be outsmarted by humans they
figured out what you're up to and put
you in a high-tech prison you won't give
up of course and you managed to escape
from your cell one of the robots pushed
the alarm button and now there's a
thousand of them chasing you you run to
a table you see a screwdriver a water
gun and a glass of water on it you can
use the screwdriver to unscrew the vents
and get to the roof you could use the
water gun against the robots or you
could try throwing the glass of water at
them which of the tools will you pick
[Music]
dimes up if you chose to use the
screwdriver you'll drill your way out
onto the roof when you get on it
CCTV cameras will spot you and more
robots will come after you if you take
the water gun it won't help you either
because I didn't say there was water in
it oho so your best bet is the glass of
water even if it seems too simple when
you splash it on the robots you'll gain
some time to run away you're this close
to escaping but you get into another
room where you notice two doors one of
them leads to safety and the other one
to a room that's